hey guys down here from dance tube TV
and today i have the strike alpha
samsung galaxy s4 cradle now this is
available from the strike website strike
calm today you and this is a really
awesome product actually I surprised
with how well it worked the docking
station itself is actually
interchangeable so instead of purchasing
a brand-new cradle you can just purchase
the new interchangeable sections down
the bottom so for the new iphone 6 it's
got a different build and it's got the
lightning connection down the bottom so
you can purchase these sections
separately and actually set it up with
your cradle to interchange between
different devices as well which is super
handy the cradle also houses an internal
passive antenna so this really helps
with improving cell signal or mobile
signal while you ran about and
especially when you're in those rural
locations where you don't get too much
cell phone reception this is such a
fantastic feature to have inbuilt into a
cradle and something that is definitely
needed when you're on the go because I
know a lot of people who use their
phones as a GPS system and to ensure
that you have that reception out and
about when you're in those crazy
locations it's definitely a handy thing
to have it also charges your device as
well on the go which is a really nice
thing and the build quality is fantastic
it's such a sturdy build quality I
definitely don't see this thing falling
over or breaking any time soon the
swivel mount that is included in the
package is also of such a high quality
and it's very customizable you can angle
it have you want with the joint system
that's connected on the back there and I
also noticed myself really playing
around with the customization and
angling it towards myself this freedom
is definitely something that isn't
available on other mounting options this
pack also includes a three year and
limited warranty which is just a great
thing to have for peace of mind overall
I really enjoyed the strike alpha cradle
and I will have all the links in
description below to check out their
website and to check out this specific
product here so thank you guys so much
for watching and thank you to the strike
team for sending this really awesome
product out please make sure to have a
fantastic day guys and peace out
you